---
title: Billing for one-time and select recurring charges | Partner Center
ms.topic: article
ms.date: 11/21/2019
Description: Information on one-time billing in advance for a preset term (monthly and annual subscriptions), and billing for select recurring charges (for applicable Microsoft and third-party ISV products) in Partner Center.
author: MaggiePucciEvans
ms.author: evansma
keywords: billing, one-time, recurring, purchases, charges, isv
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.openlocfilehash: f2ccd0d1240d39409db53d668bac32001c678b09
ms.sourcegitcommit: 1c3d3b95135e1daad5ba5585a090e84ab0b97594
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: de-DE
ms.lasthandoff: 11/22/2019
ms.locfileid: "74389688"
---
#  <a name="billing-for-one-time-and-select-recurring-charges"></a><span data-ttu-id="296a7-104">Abrechnung für einmalige und ausgewählte wiederkehrende Gebühren</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-104">Billing for one-time and select recurring charges</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="296a7-105">Partner Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-105">Partner Center</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="296a7-106">Partner im CSP-Programm</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-106">Partners in the CSP program</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-107">This topic describes the billing experience for **one-time and select recurring charges** for Microsoft and third-party independent software vendor (ISV) products.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-107">This topic describes the billing experience for **one-time and select recurring charges** for Microsoft and third-party independent software vendor (ISV) products.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-108">**One-time billing** is when you purchase software subscriptions and Azure reservations in advance for a preset term.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-108">**One-time billing** is when you purchase software subscriptions and Azure reservations in advance for a preset term.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-109">You can purchase for one-year or three-year terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-109">You can purchase for one-year or three-year terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-110">You're then billed for the entire cost in a one-time lump sum.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-110">You're then billed for the entire cost in a one-time lump sum.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-111">Billing for one-time and select recurring charges applies to the following types of purchases:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-111">Billing for one-time and select recurring charges applies to the following types of purchases:</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="296a7-112">License-based and usage-based subscriptions</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-112">License-based and usage-based subscriptions</span></span>](#license-based-and-usage-based-subscription-charges)
- [<span data-ttu-id="296a7-113">Microsoft and third-party ISV products</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-113">Microsoft and third-party ISV products</span></span>](#microsoft-and-third-party-isv-product-charges)

## <a name="license-based-and-usage-based-subscription-charges"></a><span data-ttu-id="296a7-114">License-based and usage-based subscription charges</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-114">License-based and usage-based subscription charges</span></span>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-115">The billing experience for recurring charges of [**license-based subscriptions**](license-based-billing.md) and [**usage-based subscriptions**](usage-based-billing.md) remains the same.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-115">The billing experience for recurring charges of [**license-based subscriptions**](license-based-billing.md) and [**usage-based subscriptions**](usage-based-billing.md) remains the same.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-116">**Recurring charges** for subscriptions (including **license-based and usage-based subscriptions**) are issued for all products from the [**online services catalog**](https://partner.microsoft.com/commerce/preferredoffers/list).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-116">**Recurring charges** for subscriptions (including **license-based and usage-based subscriptions**) are issued for all products from the [**online services catalog**](https://partner.microsoft.com/commerce/preferredoffers/list).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-117">Some examples include Office 365, Microsoft 365, Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), Azure (pay-as-you-go), Dynamics 365, and PowerBI Pro.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-117">Some examples include Office 365, Microsoft 365, Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), Azure (pay-as-you-go), Dynamics 365, and PowerBI Pro.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-118">For applicable subscription charges, the **billing date** is the date you selected when you created your Partner Center account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-118">For applicable subscription charges, the **billing date** is the date you selected when you created your Partner Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-119">The **billing period** is the month prior to your billing date.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-119">The **billing period** is the month prior to your billing date.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-120">The **billing currency** is the currency of the country or region in which you're located.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-120">The **billing currency** is the currency of the country or region in which you're located.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-121">Wenn sich Ihr Unternehmen beispielsweise in Großbritannien befindet, werden wir die Rechnung in Britische Pfund (GBP) stellen.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-121">For example, if your company is located in the United Kingdom, we’ll bill you in British pounds sterling (GBP).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-122">Befindet sich Ihr Unternehmen in Indien, erhalten Sie eine Rechnung in Indische Rupien (INR).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-122">If your company is located in India, we’ll bill you in India Rupees (INR).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-123">Current **billing activity** is *not available* for these types of charges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-123">Current **billing activity** is *not available* for these types of charges.</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-and-third-party-isv-product-charges"></a><span data-ttu-id="296a7-124">Microsoft and third-party ISV product charges</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-124">Microsoft and third-party ISV product charges</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-125">**Recurring charges** and **one-time charges** are issued for **Microsoft and third-party ISV products**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-125">**Recurring charges** and **one-time charges** are issued for **Microsoft and third-party ISV products**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-126">Applicable products include all SaaS subscriptions, Azure reservations, and perpetual and subscription-based software products offered by Microsoft and third-party ISVs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-126">Applicable products include all SaaS subscriptions, Azure reservations, and perpetual and subscription-based software products offered by Microsoft and third-party ISVs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-127">See available products in the Marketplace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-127">See available products in the Marketplace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-128">Examples include SUSE Linux software (software subscriptions), Windows Server 2019 Essentials (perpetual software), and Azure ISV SaaS product subscriptions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-128">Examples include SUSE Linux software (software subscriptions), Windows Server 2019 Essentials (perpetual software), and Azure ISV SaaS product subscriptions.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-129">For applicable product charges, the **billing date** is the 8th day of each month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-129">For applicable product charges, the **billing date** is the 8th day of each month.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-130">The **billing period** starts on the first day of the calendar month and ends on the last day of the calendar month.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-130">The **billing period** starts on the first day of the calendar month and ends on the last day of the calendar month.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-131">Any transactions you make between May 1 and May 31, 2019 will appear on your invoice June 8.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-131">Any transactions you make between May 1 and May 31, 2019 will appear on your invoice June 8.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-132">Alle Transaktionen, die Sie zwischen dem 1. Juni und dem 30. Juni 2019 tätigen, werden auf Ihrer Rechnung vom 8. Juli angezeigt.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-132">Any transactions you make between June 1 and June 30, 2019 will appear on your invoice July 8.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-133">Möglicherweise werden wiederkehrende und einmalige Käufe in derselben Monatsrechnung abgerechnet.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-133">You might get billed for recurring and one-time purchases on the same invoice.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-134">The **billing currency** is the currency of the country or region in which your customer is located.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-134">The **billing currency** is the currency of the country or region in which your customer is located.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-135">You’ll receive separate invoices and reconciliation files in the currency of the country or region of each customer that you sold to during the billing period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-135">You’ll receive separate invoices and reconciliation files in the currency of the country or region of each customer that you sold to during the billing period.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-136">Current **billing activity** is *available* for these types of charges.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-136">Current **billing activity** is *available* for these types of charges.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-137">You can check your account balance and bill at any time in Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-137">You can check your account balance and bill at any time in Partner Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-138">Note that your final invoice amount may different from what you can see on your account during the billing period.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-138">Note that your final invoice amount may different from what you can see on your account during the billing period.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="296a7-139">This is because your invoice will include taxes and any other applicable charges and credits.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-139">This is because your invoice will include taxes and any other applicable charges and credits.</span></span>

## <a name="common-billing-scenarios"></a><span data-ttu-id="296a7-140">Allgemeine Abrechnungsszenarien</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-140">Common billing scenarios</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="296a7-141">For detailed explanations of common billing scenarios for these types of charges, see [Common billing scenarios for one-time and recurring purchases](common-billing-scenarios-onetime-recurring.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="296a7-141">For detailed explanations of common billing scenarios for these types of charges, see [Common billing scenarios for one-time and recurring purchases](common-billing-scenarios-onetime-recurring.md).</span></span>
